Group 5: Colton Richardson, Jacob Sennett, John Lofton, Tyler Nelson
Our groups initial idea was to do a gameshow type puzzle have the different cyber storm teams
compete against each other to see who would get the highest score.
We elaborated upon this idea by thinking what if we set it up like Jeopardy with 4 bread boards
in the middle stuck together. Two other bread boards on the sides with a button and a LED that flashed
and made a noise when pressed, then having the center bread boards having 4 buttons for 4 distinct
categories then two buttons on the side for up or down to choose your question then a final button to
confirm your selection and several LEDS above or below the initial 4 buttons that turned off after a
question was answered. After pondering upon this idea, we thought it might be a little too ambiguous
for our current skill set so we decided to tone it down a bit. Our final idea that we were satisfied with
was that we kept the 4 bread boards in the middle with four buttons, these would still be used for
picking from the various categories, but also have a second purpose as acting as answer choices A-D. We
agreed that this is something we could complete but needed to be more complex so we decided that
when a team walks up they get prompted to enter their team name then start to play the game that will
have two losing conditions; either getting three questions wrong or answering all 80 questions (20 per
section). Once one of these circumstances has been met the teams score would go to a live leaderboard
for everyone to see somewhat like a pinball machine. We figured this would keep the competitiveness
of the game by trying to beat another teams score while also not overly complicated the puzzle.
There are several reasons why we decided to tone down the game, the first of which being what
if they are in too much of a hurry and unplug something, the second being what if they hit the buttons
at the same time and the game crashes, the third being us not entirely sure if we’d be able to program
what we had in mind. I think our compromise is not cutting too much off and acceptable, but we’d like
to know from you if our final idea is not enough or fine or should we aim for original idea and if we
cannot complete it then scale down. We are not entirely sure on how challenging this should be on us
and the people meant to do our puzzle
